refactor: Removes the deprecated DASHBOARD_NATIVE_FILTERS feature flag (#26329)
apache/superset: UPDATING.md

### Breaking Changes

> - [X](https://github.com/apache/superset/issues/X): Removes the deprecated `DASHBOARD_NATIVE_FILTERS` feature flag. The previous value of the feature flag was `True` and now the feature is permanently enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [26329](https://github.com/apache/superset/pull/26329): Removes the deprecated `DASHBOARD_NATIVE_FILTERS` feature flag. The previous value of the feature flag was `True` and now the feature is permanently enabled.
```
